Yes, this is my home.
Jiangnan
What are you doing here tearing your waist?
I go home
go home
Do you still remember me?
You are Lu Jinchi
Is brother
You got separated from 41
You want to go home?
That's why I came to you, right?
Siyang is your husband
This is not my hometown, you can go
Lan Lan
brother
Brother, don't you want Lan Lan?
How could my brother not want Lan Lan?
Obviously Lan Lan didn't want her brother
I don't have a brother, you lie
Lan Lan
What should I do if I hit you?
Hey, when you were a kid watching cartoons
Favorite soda
Scared me to death
Come home with me!
Lan Lan
He is your husband Si Yao
Go back with him
Let's go, Lan Lan
It seems to be with you.
His state is the most relaxed
He has given a choice
Are you trying to persuade me to let go
I once thought
He is the best choice for you.
But he has now given the answer
The home in his heart
Forever with me
Yes!
No matter what I do to him
He will still forget me the next day
He remembers in his heart that he will always have only you.